fix: remove peer deps, update dev deps, update READMEs (#91)
sapphiredev/plugins: packages/api/README.md

## Description

This plugin provides an API endpoint for your bot that can be called from external services. A good exemplary use case for this is once your bot grows to have enough configuration options that you want to offer a website to your end-users to change those settings, and your website needs to interface with the bot for this to work.

## Features

-   Fully ready for TypeScript!
-   Provides a Decorator-based API to make developing your routes easy!
-   Follows common REST standards.
-   Includes ESM ready entrypoint

> -   Premade OAUTH2 endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Premade OAuth 2.0 endpoints
```

## Installation

`@sapphire/plugin-api` depends on the following packages. Be sure to install these along with this package!

-   [`@sapphire/framework`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sapphire/framework)
-   [`@sapphire/pieces v1.x`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sapphire/pieces/v/1.2.5)
-   [`discord.js`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/discord.js)
-   [`discord-api-types`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/discord-api-types)

You can use the following command to install this package, or replace `npm install` with your package manager of choice.

```sh
npm install @sapphire/plugin-api @sapphire/framework @sapphire/pieces@1 discord.js discord-api-types
```

---

## Usage

Start by importing the registration file in your project to use the plugin:

**JavaScript**

```js
require('@sapphire/plugin-api/register');
```

**TypeScript**

```ts
import '@sapphire/plugin-api/register';
```

Then, you can use the following configuration options in your SapphireClient extension class or initializer. This will either be located in your `new SapphireClient` constructor call, or `super` in your constructor method if you use an extension class.

```js
{
  auth: {

>     id: '', // The user ID of your Discord bot

Reviewer: This is not the user ID, but the application/client ID, which differ in very old bots.

>     id: '', // The User ID of your discord bot

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    id: '', // The user ID of your Discord bot
```

>     secret: '', // The bot secret of your discord bot. Get it from https://discord.com/developers/applications

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    secret: '', // The client secret of your Discord bot. You can find this at https://discord.com/developers/applications
```

    cookie: '', // The name of the authentication cookie. Defaults to "SAPPHIRE_AUTH"
    redirect: '', // The URL that users should be redirected to after a successful authentication
    scopes: [], // The scopes that should be given to the authentication. Defaults to ['identify']

>     transformers: '' // Optional transformers to use when you want to transform the raw data from Discord to some data that your website can better understand. Defaults to []

Reviewer: It takes an array.
```suggestion
    transformers: [] // Optional transformers to use when you want to transform the raw data from Discord to some data that your website can better understand. Defaults to []
```

Reviewer: Also, all values should show the plug-in's defaults instead of invalid defaults, and for readability, the comments should be above each field, and limited to 80 characters so there's no wrap nor horizontal scroll.

  },
  prefix: '/', // The prefix for all routes, e.g. / or v1/.
  origin: '', // The origin header to be set on every request at 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin'. Defaults to *
  listenOptions: { // Any options passed to the NodeJS "net" internal server.listen function, see https://nodejs.org/api/net.html#net_server_listen_options_callback

>     port: 3000 // This is an option that should be set, it is the port on which the API will start.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    port: 3000 // The port the API will listen on. This option should always be set.
```
